[Autogenerated] let me click Run to kickstart the automated tuning job.
Let me switch back to Sage maker console.
Let me click the tuning job that is currently in progress.
You can see there are currently two jobs that are in progress State
Let me select the first one Click on view history and you can see
the instances are already prepared and it is currently downloading
the data under algorithm.
The instants type count on the input.
More are specified.
The S3 bucket You are a for training on validation data are under input Data
configuration metrics list all the training on valuation metrics that this
algorithm emits output data configuration list the output path after S3 bucket
where the model will be uploaded eventually.
Hyper parameter section.
Let's all the hyper parameters that are specific to this run.
I would like you to pay close attention to OData Alfa Men Child,
wait on max Depth That error selected by the
automated tuning process For this run,
I clicked the history again at the top and looks like this run is
completed and can see an explicit link to the model file.
There is an option as well to create a model directly from
this training job and right underneath the training time
unavailable time are listed as well.
Now that the two training jobs error completed,
you can see the two more jobs have started.
Let me click on the tab training job definition,
this list, all the input data output data,
the resource conflict that we defined in the notebook,
a tab tuning job configuration lists all the concurrent job
settings that we define in the notebook.
I'm going to pass this on.
Come back.
Once all the 10 training jobs are completed,
you can see it took totally 14 minutes to complete all the 10 runs.
Let me select the tuning job.
Click on Best training job and you can see the A U C.
Value off the best training job that is selected by
the automated tuning process.
Right underneath is the display off all the hyper parameter
values that are part of this training job.
Let me select the training job,
and it lists all the 10 training jobs under corresponding
metric value on the training duration.
Let me go to CloudWatch console to view the algorithm on instance metrics,
let me enter the training job name you can see that each cleaning job
is the name off the hyper parameter tuning job.
Suffolk S3 by its run number.
I would like to filter it to display one Lee The validation metric.
Let me select all the jobs and can see a visual
representation off all the A U C.
Values off each training job,
you can see the one of the top that had better a you see value,
which was selected as the best training job.
Now I would like to see all the instance metrics for all these 10 jobs,
let me filter once again by the tuning jobs name on the CB utilization.
Let me select all the jobs.
Looks like one off the job took a higher CPU compared to all the other jobs.
Let me repeat the same for memory utilization and I can see a visual
chart off all the values I'm going to attach the entire notebook that
they built together under Exercise File section.
You will see the notebook on the CSV file that we used in the demo.
If you're planning to use the CSV from your local instance,
you need to change the download location accordingly.
Let me also show you how to upload this notebook to your sage maker.
Instance, I just logged into my notebook instance.
Click upload and select the notebook file to upload the
notebook to your specific instance.
We covered a lot of ground in this course.
Let's quickly recap what we learned.
They started this course by learning about the business case that
are best suited for machine learning and understood how to map a
business problem to your mission.
Learning problem.
We saw various built in algorithms offered by sage maker,
its implementation details that addresses both
supervised on unsupervised problems.
Later, we launched a sage maker notebook.
Instance, downloaded a banking dataset,
used extra boost algorithm and train the model.
And finally, you, sir,
how to use sage makers automated hyper parameter tuning to identify the
training job that provides the best object in metric and use CloudWatch console to monitor algorithm on instants metrics